	There was once a child who wanted to taste the fountain of youth.
Typically eternity's cup is sought by those who feel the pursuant breath of death
closing in, but not in this case. At this stage of her life, death was nothing
more than a distant story to the girl -- a villain in a wonderful adventure, just
like in the exciting stories she listened to whenever she went to sleep. And children
are driven by the most imaginative dreams. So where others desired to become princesses
or ride noble steed, this girl sought to defeat death. All she had was a map to the
living waters and some dry, absorbent cereal fashioned into a crispy spoon.

So one night, against the wishes of her parents, she slipped into the night with her 
crispy spoon, her map, and her dream. After a few hours of 
following her map into the forest, something felt wrong. She felt like someone was
watching her. Almost like the trees had eyes. She began to walk faster, run almost until
she came upon a clearing in the middle of the forest. A single old woman sat in the middle
holding two large bags, one in each hand. The woman looked like she could have been 500 
years old. She approached the woman and the woman turned around looked her dead in the eyes
outstreatched her finger wrinkly crooked frail finger, pointed it directly at her and said,
"I've been waiting for you". The girl froze and a freezing sensation shot down her spine.
"I knew you would read the map wrong" the old woman crackled. The girl fainted.

However, despite the words that woman said, the woman led her to a cozy house. Inside the house,
there were many pretty and wonderful dolls. "Choose what you want, and you are allowed to bring
the doll when you go back to home." said the woman. Among the dolls, a girl selected a 
horse-shaped doll. "You have to clear some missions if you want to go back to your house, and the
doll will protect you when you are in danger." 

A voice echoed in the back of the girl's head, it was one of strength and familiarity. "I will protect
you little one, but you must not trust the forest women." The girl held the doll close to her, it seemed
to radiate a warmth unlike any heat. She knew instictincly to trust the voice, and apparently, not the
woman. "Now follow me to the spell casting rooom, you will need many wards and charms for your quest." The
woman led her down a steep staircase; The girl followed, but now with caution.

Upon entering the basement, the child was immediately struck by how completely unremarkable it was.
She had expected to find a bulbous cauldron bubbbling with some frog-colored liquid, or dusting skulls littering
the shelves, or a talking crow. But it looked entirely normal. Perhaps real people didn't always look or act
like they do in stories, the girl considered, but that doesn't mean they aren't also heros.

 "Now then," the old woman said as she busyied around the room, peering into some Ikea cupboards, lifting up a heavy stack 
of tax forms, opening a drawer that rattled and crinkled with keys and old receipts. "Let's see... where did 
I set those talismans? They have a habit of disappearing, you know. Tricky little things, but they do their work well."
She looked up toward a cabinet high above her. For a moment she stood motionless. The girl could not see her face.

Eventually the old woman spoke in extra sweet tones, "Little one, this cabinet is too high for me. Would you
mind fetching the stool just to your left?"

The girl had grown comfortable listening to the charming, absent-minded thoughts of the old woman. She moved to help,
but the horse-doll tugged at her shoulder nervously, and her caution returned to her. The girl slowly backed
toward the stairwell, but had hardly touched the first stair to the when the old woman spun around lithely,
belying her age. The expression on her face was horrifyingly eager and vacant. She ran toward the girl with
a fraying rope in her hands and an intent to constrain her in her mind. But the girl was ready. She chucked
the horse doll at the woman and bolted up the stairs. She heard a loud scuffle and cracking shelves behind her,
but the sound became fainter as she ran up the stairs, through the kitchen, and out into the forest.

She had not been running long before galloping hooves caught up with her. They shared a nod of thanks, one grateful
for freedom, the other for freedom. And then together, they began their journey together to find the fountain
of youth, or whatever else life decided to throw their way.   
